uh
my name is wang chao uh and is uh now my
great player and honor
to introduce you doctor zoe king
dr joe received his md from tongji
medical school and got his phd from the
university of paris for immunology
then he moved to baylor research
institute in the united states
and did his post research for immunology
now dr joe is charles b b nakrid
professor
professor of pathology immunology
biology and surgery
at the university of michigan dr joe's
lab investigates the human cancer
microenvironment
with the goal of understanding the
nature of
human tumor immune responses and
developing
combination therapies for cancer
dr joe has delivered more than 300
invited lectures at different institutes
and conferences and published more than
200 papers
and book chapters including many many
articles
in nature science himself his lab is one
of the most
cited research teams in the field of
immunology
and his work has been highlighted also
by many many scientific
news agencies one of his most well-known
studies i think
was published in nature in 2004
specific recruitment of regulatory t
cells in
ovarian carcinoma fosters immune
privilege
and predicts reduced survivals
this single original work on t-rex has
been cited more than 5
thousand times since its publication
obviously dr zou has made seminal
contributions to his
to our understanding of
immunosuppressive mechanisms in the
tumor
microenvironments his early concepts
of not combinatorial
immunotherapy strategies has laid the
foundation
for current cancer immunotherapies and
has provided
rationales for novel combinations
uh the type the title of dr joe's
talk today is metabolic
impact uh on cancer immunity and
therapy um please join me in welcoming
dr
joe right
uh thank you very much can you hear me
well yes
yes well uh thank you for your
introduction uh i also appreciate uh
xiaoni and troy and other folks
organizes this communication platform
which is absolutely fantastic
uh very very useful so in this case we
don't go
we don't have to go anywhere and we are
able to communicate with another friends
so this is absolutely fantastic thank
you very much for doing so
i hope we can participate more this type
of activities and
support each other i think this is not
only important
uh for our own but also for the
community
so i appreciate again again and thank
you very much for this
so today i will provide a relatively
focused
talk metaponic impact on cancer immunity
and therapy
so when we reveal the history of cancer
therapy
let's say past the present future we
know we have
come from a normal way so early on
we have surgery then radiation therapy
common therapy chemotherapy and targeted
therapy
recently we have immunotherapy so people
always ask
what is next so in fact
when we review the history of
cancer therapy we know in each
important breakthrough therapeutic step
it is always basic science behind
for example when we do surgery it's
really because of anesthesia
so when you read the science you see
radiation is because of the discovery
of basic physics and biology of x-rays
protein sources
and hormone cells in chemo and
immunotherapy all
because of very basic uh scientific
discoveries behind
so therefore what we are thinking what
is next
we all know it will be based on basic
scientific scientific discovery
so recently the folks particularly in
the field of
cancer biology and therapeutics have
proposed concept in terms of
new therapeutic approaches for example
one way is to stop cancer cells to death
to get a lot of attention in the field
so i will talk about this and i will say
this approach may not be so easy
so in fact when we talk about
basic discoveries early on
many of you may know our
immune tumor immunology altering merely
in the field basically a lot of people
early on
even ourselves did not believe this very
exists
his very existence of human muni
so it was a dark age of domain minority
basically when i
started my faculty job so since i have
been in the field for a while i have
some review articles
in this area and covers
basically quite a few topics
of course we have not only revealed our
own work
but also many studies from
many friends and colleagues in the field
so i know many of people are getting
kids into the field
and if you read some of the review
articles
you may know what has happened
and what's going on actually
so just for your reference so
in fact my group
has been working on only one simple
concept
it means cancer micro environment codes
the key
to understanding dominion and existence
this concept has been very well accepted
practiced
in the old days this is not easy as i
said
in the dark age or for cancer immunology
and immunotherapy
people cannot believe it so
based on this concept let's say to
address this concept
we have been working on different uh
research directions
so one is immunosuppressing mechanisms
immersive
oppressive networks the application
example is p1pdl1
then cancel epigenetic mechanisms
key immunogenic pathways and metabolic
passages
in the recent years we spend a lot of
time
on the four stones metropolitan pacific
is some design immunity
and cancer therapy the whole point is we
need to understand
better the cancer medical environment
and whether we are able to target the
environment
to give any hope to the patient with
kids
so um early on when i started my own
group
i have received quite a lot of support
and
collaborations from senior
scientists in the field including
mabinson
actually uh we have published quite
many papers together this is one of them
uh
early 2003 we published a paper
uh showing pdl1 expression recognition
and broke it in the human cancer micro
environment
this is the first people talking about
human uh video one
against the cancer micro environment in
humans in the human tumor training
influence
so in fact in this paper we clearly
pointed out if you broke b7h1 pathway
it means pdl1 you can recover the
reserve functionality including
io2 production interference gamma
production and the cleaning capacity
against
autonomic tumor we propose brocade of
this specimen represent one approach for
cancer
immunotherapy so if this is a
basically 18 almost 20 years ago
uh existence if you look at the pdl one
you will not be able to find this paper
because it was named b7h1 by navy
as i said this is one of the uh
studies we have collaborated with making
early on
but this is very important there's no
controversial actually here
and we set it very clearly we just
didn't provide
this exhaustion term but uh we just say
z cells are dysfunctional in the human
environment
we can recover the t surface
functionality by
uh uh through a disability one pocket
uh so i probably give uh
four research directions each i give you
one example
and i will focus on the metabolism
so the second research direction we know
we're working on is cancer epigenetics
so what we want to understand basically
we want to understand
if the basic the most well understood
uh epigenetic mechanisms
can contribute to human immunity
in the human cancer medical environment
so it turns out what we discovered
similar to the th1th2
reciprocal recognition we discovered
one complex called prc2
one example is easy to another complex
is swiftly complex
and it's an example is arbitrary
so these two company axes
can reciprocally recognize each other
and control intervenor signaling the h1
type of chemokines
energies are trafficking immunity
this reciprocal recognition
occurred it is a biochemical level
functional level
and genomic net and we have demonstrated
through several publications in this
area and therefore
we propose we need we
can we program our genetic mechanisms
to get therapeutic benefit which i
don't have time to go to the details
then the third research generation uh is
the key immunogenic pathways in the
cancer environment
because we know those key immunogenic
pathways
we are determining the outcome of immune
responses
two major key uh
immunogenic pathways one is interference
investment
as you all know basically without
interfering with all the cancer immunity
and now there is a step as well and of
course with our state pathway
the t-cells will not be really
functional
and can mediate too many immunity
so i'll give you one example what we
have been doing
the thing is for those who are in the
field of
medical quantity and cancer immunology
we know mhc pathway and
interference sickness integrity
including interference signaling that's
where gene
mutations contribute to circuit
resistance to
immunotherapy but when you look at
the mutations in mhc
and the interference signal pathway the
vast
majority of patients do not have
mutations
it's a small fraction of the patient
therefore
the mutations of individual basically or
emergency pathway
cannot be used to explain
uh the resistance to immunotherapy
in many many patients so what we
discovered in fact
in patients with colorectal cancer for
example
we found that one gene
of the nervin get lost in patients with
gonorrhea cancer this nose of
often neurin occurred gradually
from adenoma to casino from normal
to adenoma and to carcinoma
so once the gene get lost this severely
affects the integrity of interfering and
interfering receptor signaling capacity
it consequently affects the immediacy
presentation
and you can see here what we discover is
a mechanism actually
it turns out that if we don't have
opportunity then the interfering
receptor stability is affected
and through the nasal degradation
and there is an interaction between uh
the sorting protein nitrogen sodium
protein
ap31 uh in action using different gamma
receptors
which uh i really don't want to get into
the details for those who are interested
in this you can read our table
uh in this case so all what i want to
say
the humanogenic pathway uh it's
very key to to my immunity
it's not only about the interference
signaling
and energy mutations it's more about
their functional integrity
now the fourth part will be
my focus of this talk amino acids
and their transporters in human immunity
and cancer therapy i'm going to share
two stories in a very
uh brief format one is system xc
it has two uh acrc family members
seven a11 and three a2 and the second
story is
acrc policing a2
so before i talk about the first story i
need to introduce one concept to you
means phalloptosis pharyptosis is
an iron dependent lipid barrel station
dual cell deaths
this has been defined with
synthetic components in vitro
so the individual phenomenon is very
fully understood but what we know at
least based on
many applications and individual
systems x in gbx4 acsf4 and other genes
are involved in the recognition of
cell phenotosis is no specific marker to
define ketosis
what we usually define may be three
criteria so one is called the lipid loss
you can't have neutrals production then
you are able to detect
oxidation leave it and finally were able
to functionally examine the ferrotosis
so we asked a very simple question
we know cd8 dcls interact
with their pocket cell such as tumor
cells
so one classic pathways seeded t
cells in the active tumor cells
and activate cdht cells can release
peppering in
ransom b therefore activity caspase
induced tumor cell aboptosis very classy
the question we are asking is can
philoptosis be one of the mechanisms
or be involved in the interaction
between
cdht cells and tumor cells so what we
did
it was simple way
we get the idea tumor cells in the
mouse model in vivo treated the
tumor barrier mice you see with
immunotherapy
we see tumor control not a surprise
under this condition before the tumor
cells were killed
we get the tumor cells out we detected
our new drugs in the tumor cells
so you see immunotherapy
can stimulate the expression of
inhibitors
this is a pd1 ptl1 broken
then we did the t-cell model as well
means t-sections fusion experiments in
p16 model
you can see here with all e1 cells and
to the over-expression of course you
control the tumor
and under this condition the tumor cells
also express
those levels then we did the
individual active culture as the only
one cells
cultured with over cells
we detect rules expression and you see
only one cells can induce
rose in tumor cells and if it's antigen
passed and the expression level is even
higher
and under this condition you measure
tumor cell death it's a kidney
say uh you see uh actually only one
cells
can cure tumor cells of course not a
surprise
but this is very small
a small number of of
only one cells interestingly
if you under this case in a small amount
of
isl3 this is a phallic process inducer
you also induce small cell tests however
if you put them together
you really see dramatic tumor cells
these traumatic
motors can be completely blocked
by feliptosis inhibitor called
ferrostatic one so in this case
what we conclude philiptosis could be
involved in
cd8 tcl mediated tumor
then we are not that confident uh
because
usually it's a it's it's above ptosis
and we use the abdos inhibitors
phenotypes and all kinds of inhibitors
to do the individual studies
then we first did two models in vivo
so one model is actually uh
immunotherapy model with pd1 ptl1
and this condition which is my base
libra neurostatic ferrotosis inhibitor
so you can see here
the therapy works of course not a
surprise but what is a surprise if you
inhibit ferrotosis you abolish the
effect
of immunotherapy this is absolutely a
huge surprise for us
uh i asked my fellow uh again again
because
it's it's really uh
incredible so then we did another way
means
we induce tumor cell resistant to
fertilizers in
vitro similar to those who are doing the
chemo-resistant cells you catch the
tumor cells with no concentration of
ferrotosis inducer for a long time
then the cells are becoming resistant to
ferrotosis at least individual by
pharaoh's
inhibitor then we do immediately okay
you see here
parental cells are responsive to
immunotherapy
the resistance cells are no longer
responsible to immunotherapy
so the conclusion we have phenoptosis
inhibition
can attenuate immuno cell efficacy it
needs field process mechanism
it's one of the mechanisms of
immunotherapy
so then we first locate the molecular
mechanisms
and we went through several and
to make a story short and it turns out
the individual pathway is very critical
because here if you make a tumor cell
look out in the phenotype receptor then
you capture the
cells with only one cells always
small amount of hapless inducer no
matter what you do
and the tumor cells no longer express
uh liver loss the tumor cells are no
longer sensitive
to those only one cell kidney
so this means interference is involved
and
further uh we detected our oxidation
liquid species
in the tumor cells this very difficult
experiment
and you can see we do have different uh
oxide liquid species in the tumor cells
when you catch it with interference
you see some uh with your culture with
uh
you see more when you put them together
use even more
so and then we directly examine that
interfering in vivosystem
so this is a human tumor cell ion we
shoot into the anesthetize and treat
within the film
and this now is sensitive to into it
you see interference treatment can
reduce
tumor growth and
under this condition you traditionalized
with liberal study
the uh anti-tumor effect is not
necessary
so therefore we are pretty confident in
the feeling easy mode synthetic could be
from the cd80 cells is involved
now how does the film work because there
are several basically
involved in the recognition of
feliptosis
uh we look at some of them so you can
see
one it's xc system as i mentioned gx for
sc example we looked at all of them
so what we found bigger storage also
you can see through our music and single
cell sequence
knows western blood pcr all kinds of
things you see
if you treat the cells within the film
you do
see reduced expression of uh xc season
sa-3a2 and 7a11
as a consequence of this you will see
because
uh x-system actually just put in
assisting in those cells and you see
reduced
systems in the cells and we use gsh
production
because the system can become system and
become gsh
and further you can see if you use
smallmouth processing inducer
you can dramatically use gsh production
in the tumor cells
so we further made a connection to
a patient with cancer also not only just
human cells mouth cells in vibration
and in humans for example the patient is
treated with immunotherapy
if the patient get the kinetic benefit
the ac reduced
slc system 3a2 of course increasing the
filling
and c8 not a splicing patient so what we
want to conclude here
for this part uh what we want to
conclude this
well class significant cd8 cell engage
tumor cells
and induce tumor cell abdosis very well
defined so what we want to
add a previously unknown mechanism
cdht cells can we need infinite
engage tumor cells through ecstasy
system and
induce or promote feral doses of tumor
cells
this is a major mechanism maybe in
certain situations even more important
than apoptosis we don't know yet however
there may be crosstalk between
evolutionists and favorable variables
we are working on this and we i don't
have more
to tell you under this condition but it
is the typical message for this part is
tumor filoptosis is a mode of action of
cds
this is a novel mechanism people
have not defined previously we believe
this not
only operational in tumor
or its operation in other systems means
the
cd8 t cell i interact with the target
right so maybe this is not only for
cd8 gcs but also for nk cells as well
so that's why it has a simple experiment
but
it has a profound impact uh in terms of
basic uh ct cell biology
so now i move to the second story i'm
going to share show
you sclc43a2
so this is more concerned about
methionine
metabolism so in fact we know
um in the cancer microenvironment you
don't have tumor cells you know there's
all kinds of other cells
and the cells are exposed
to different metabolites even in
physiological states or in pathological
states
so you have this amino acids nuclei ac
fatty acids and carbohydrates all kinds
of things
so what we can be sure the cells use
different mechanisms
to metabolize to be functioning and also
when they
are exposed to this different
environment you change the state of the
cells
so this is not only the case for the
tumor cells
this is also the case for t cells and
other cells
so for example in the publications uh
people have published quite a lot i'm
talking about some methods in the field
acidic a of hg succinate
nets and some other things so what we
know is
from the first introduction of my work
we very early on almost 20 years ago we
noticed that t cells are dysfunctional
in the tumor micro environment
and another folks are involved in
dissecting the mechanisms of t-cell
dysfunction
in the tumor microenvironment you can
learn the disease resources
and so some folks talking about
epigenetic mechanisms
and metabolic mechanisms so we were
thinking
at the end if the t-cells are
dysfunctional if you have epigenetic
mechanisms and metabolic mechanisms
there must be a crosstalk
between them so that we come to
the question we are asking um
in this case so uh apart from
connection isis pathways which
we have worked on we also work around
amino acids
we did very simple experiments in this
case uh you just
cartridge the t-cells with a medium
and then
you omit each individual amino acid
in the country so this could be
essential any uh amino acids
non-essential amino acid
and then under this condition you know
it is a decent functioning t-cell
so it turns out without the methionine
the t-cells
are really becoming ableton
the t-cells before they die they express
very minimal
amount of effective circuits including
inflamed gamma
so suggesting my theory is in
its unique position to affect tcl
functionality and survival
so therefore we move to the tumor
magnetic environment to mimic the
situation we just capture the tumor
uh sugan and the t cells in the tumor
should benefit
then we add individual amino acids
back see what's going on it turns out
if we add uh in the culture
or mathematic to the culture you will
see
we can reduce the t cells uh
avocados increase t cell functionality
so therefore we believe
uh mathematical metabolism
in the tumor environment metacritical
for t-cell functionality in the survival
so then we started to explore
uh methionine metabolism in t-cells
so under the culture through the
metabolic assay
you conscious of tumor cells juvenile
than the weasel t cells
you measure the t cell metabolites so
intracellular these are metabolites such
as methionine
and if you cut it with two measurements
you reduce this
you reduce the immediate metabolism
and uh if you uh if you
add methane back you can recover
methionine intracellularly
uh partially recover same
intracellularly and also
sah also partially recovered so this is
basically
shows uh the basic uh metabolic cycle
of methionine mesonemia is obtained by
cells decels in this case becoming sand
and some other things so uh therefore
we think this may be very important we
look at further mechanisms
earth you know sam
is a major methodology in the cells
uh therefore we speculate histone
methylation may be affected
so we look at the t-cells cartridge with
different trigonometry
in tumor is always all the methodium
supplementation
you can see here several uh histomarks
are not changed but h3k79
de-messenger see you can see here
mouse cells and human cells not only in
the
cartridge system but also in vivo in
mouse and
in humans as you can see here h3k7t max
emission
is reduced in the tumor
the cd8 infiltration t cells
and particularly but not in the spring
not in the gene influence
and particularly just in the tumor this
is the case in
human cd8 t cell tumor infiltration t
cells as well
so you see dramatic reduction of h3k79
imaginations
both in vivo and the individual and xq
in mouse and in human now
we were thinking this is important then
uh
we supplement the method into pcc in
berlin mouse model
supplementation of methionine can reduce
tumor can we cover h3k79 in vivo
can we cover the intracellular
methionine can we cover cta t-cell
function in vivo then we did it in
patient a patient with chronological
cancer
and supplemented with methionine and
look at its t-cells and you can see here
and methionine supplementation can
recover h3k79 uh
imagination and in different patients
you can see
and it recovers also it's a stat
expression
so it recovers uh the tcl functionality
such as io2 production
from different patients and some other
circles in those patients
supplemented with methane so
and how does metallining work
and affect its three seminar team
submission
when we look at uh the promoters of step
five it turns out there is a high
occupancy particularly of h370
imagination
in the static five people model area
and we did gbc and we showed this the
case
and in fact in the
in vivo studies if you in visual studies
here if you calculate the tumor cells
sugar negative with t cells t cell um
uh occupancy of h3k79
uh in the state five is reduced uh
supplementation of methane can recover
this
and these supplementation we cover as i
said stats
seeking organ divorces and we cover
uh h3k79 in cda t cells
and in vivo in different tumors
it recovers that we cover uh t-cell
functionality
so further we want to understand so
why methylene is a problem so one
speed is maybe the tumor cells complete
mechanism
uh with the t cells and consume
a lot of machining the t cells cannot
get access to the material in this case
so we want to understand why this we
locate the meteorologist products
quite a few of them because they are not
functionally uh they are functionally uh
redundant so you can see you compare
cdtcs and tumor cells and other cells
i see uh actually sclc poly3 a2 is
highly expressed in tumor cells
and this is not highly expressed in
t cells so you two western blood you see
different tumors
and you see sclc43 a2
in tumor cells but not really in t cells
this is just surface contour
and then we knock down 43 a2 in tumor
cells
and then contours get the two
measurement and encourage the t cells
again
so you see if we knock down 43 in the
tumor
we can we rescue actually the t-cell
survivor
we can rescue t-cell green energy we did
it in vivo
knockdown 43a2 in tumor in different
models
we can reduce tumor growth and recover
these efficiently
so uh what do we have here actually
in this part of my talk we see in the
tumor micro
environment the tubercles express high
levels of
for hclc too old computer t-cells for
the method
through the transporter for this
relation and these
affect the methyl mean availability to
the t cells
affected t cell uh
pistol modification particularly h3
semi-mate message
therefore step five is this function
and uh the expression level is done this
causes
t-cell dysfunctionality so we believe
this metabolic
and epigenetic crosstalk is at least one
of
the major mechanisms contribute
to the t-cell dysfunctionality or gcl
exhaustion
whatever you want to say or in the tumor
micro environment
so we are suggesting you know we if we
want to target methionine
maybe we can target the transporters
particularly tumor transport
uh sfc-432 so
the question is uh the proposal people
have
uh we can stop uh cancer cells to death
so usually when we see this we do not
consider
the very immune system this is wrong
because it isn't you need to have the
immune system to control the tumor no
matter
what kind of service you have this is
a serious lesson
we humans learn from us about
antibiotic therapy if you say anything
the most
important discoveries in human history
in biomedical field
is antibiotics but as you know if you
don't have a functional immune system
antibiotics do not work so it means
antibiotics can cure
the vast majority of the bacteria
however
the residue bacteria you have to have
memory system have to have t-cells to
kill those
infected cells this is the same in tumor
we will never be able to
cure all the tumor cells in our body
particularly when the patient have
metastasis
so any other mechanisms
so only the immune system will take care
of this so therefore
if you start cancer cells to test you
may stop t cells fast as well
so so in the best way we can say
you kill a thousand you still defeat 800
but at least at the end you defeat
yourself basically
so what is the next generation of
ancestry the answer is
this question we think at least
uh immunotherapy is a basis
so the reason is t cells
kill the tumor cells and the tcrs
remember to cure okay
i think that's a very important message
and people have to keep in mind
this does not undermine the other types
of therapy the other such as targeted
therapy
such as chemotherapy such as radiation
therapy and such as other
genetics but at this end we have to keep
this in mind
if you do any harm to the t
cells we may not be finally reach our
goal
means cure the patient uh i stopped here
it's also time uh the first part of my
talk uh
is really done um by uh very talented
fellow uh in our group um
uh so uh by women and other folks and uh
women now
uh is professor uh in china
and the second part of my talk uh is
uh it's by in jay
and waiter whether there is a professor
also argentina university and
and the ninja is here with me of course
i do mention a lot of collaborations
particularly
i greatly appreciate the second
operation particularly only on with
nathan it was absolutely a pleasure to
work with him
and thank you for your attention of
course if you have any questions
comments and
pretty much welcome
let's stop here
any questions
yes uh waiting uh this is charlie uh um
it's a really uh inspiring uh talk
um so i think i have uh two questions
uh so the first one is about the first
part
so the the these like drugs
for uh either inhibiting or activating
uh pharaptosis
so they have like a profound effect on
on the on the tumor cells
so are these drugs also affecting t
cells
yeah uh
so um so the clear answer is i don't
know
so the thing is we are working on this
the thing as far as i know um
particularly in vivo uh
apart from the tumor cell therapies
we covered
whether the other cells such as t-cells
macrophages and immune system other
cells
experience are important and
functionally important field processes
this is a question
people i have not really discovered
so there was one paper
published very early on it's a gbx 4
knockout
system uh they show t cells experience
phenotosis which is very critical gtx 4
is very critical in this case
so i assume uh the other cells will
also experience ketosis evil
and that's how important it is uh this
is a question mark
right so therefore uh to answer your
question
in this case uh whether philosophy
inducers
can do anything to immune system their
own support
yes how important it is is unknown
i see okay um so
uh the the other question i have is um
so for the second part mentioned like
these uh
messianin transporters can be targeted
and also like there are like multiple
uh transporters uh so i just wonder uh
uh do you vision how specific will will
be
well these like potential uh inhibitors
uh will be or um
this might be naive like is it like
simply like a
supply massaging is is is able to also
like
rescue some of the t-cells effects
in vivo yeah uh that's also a good
question
actually uh it is you know uh when we
are talking about
metaphorical control metaphorically
programming
and target metabolic pathways for
therapy
i would say i it is not an easy job
so first of all transporters are
functionally uh overlapping with many
others
and functioning relevant as you know and
then different transporters can do the
same thing at different uh
the same sentence but they can do
different things right
so but what we want to emphasize here
when we are talking about the therapy
there is a uh
window opportunity that's what we are
talking about
for example e4 some transporters are
predominantly functional and expressed
and
functional in the tumor cells not
necessarily
in the infected t-cells for example then
you may have a mental opportunity to
treat
the patient that's why we need to
understand this patient
right so if you want to have the
absolute specific uh
therapy targeted
because you are talking about two things
specific to
specific to a particular transport so
you have this is it's very much very
challenging
you know but then the knowledge game
from the field will be very important
and we are we'll have things to
to to to to provide some insight you
know uh for further development
so that's why and to see the predominant
effect to see the
major expression uh are very critical
okay that's that that's great um
and uh i also like uh do you think like
just by simply supplementing the
sounding is like
local supplementation of messiani is
able to rescue some of the
t-cell defects
yeah so we supplement in
a tumor model and also impatient with
cancer
to see the effect of mathematics we see
the t-cells are functioning better this
is
only to demonstrate the principle
whether we directly supplement
methionine we are able to
to provide some kind of benefit to the
patient and result in
improved cancer immunity and even tumor
control this is
this question we have not addressed okay
okay so the thing is
this is a possibility once again we may
have to
see in which patient population uh
whether
uh maternal supplementation here
methodine
uh deficiency is a major mechanism
in that particular tumor so once again
we need to understand that right okay
okay great
okay that's that's wonderful yeah thanks
waving yeah the key is to keep uh
immune system into consideration when
you do anything if ever possible
so i guess that's my message i want to
say so i see actually there are two
questions
from uh from the audience so one is from
pogong
he asked he or she idea are there tumor
intrigue
oncogenic pathways and mutations that
could drive
phenotosis resistance uh this is also a
great question
uh we look at some um
well-defined uh pathways associated with
ferrotosis at least whether we see
mutations right
genetic mutations and we need to this so
some metabolic genes are involved that
we cannot say they are really
metaphorical they are really a
philosopher's uh driven
uh all these best ways where the
oncogenic vessels will directly affect
philosophies
because the thing is uh the philosophy
space with another basis are in between
it's hard to say this one is really
a fact or another right so i guess i i
cannot give you a real opinion clean
also in that space
so uh to it is another question
um so wooden
what happened to the four patients
treated with methionine supplementation
did it improve their cancer progression
and the survival so um
it's uh it's i know people want to
understand this and
uh i wouldn't have to know as well but
what i can tell you
uh to set to set up a clinical study
next is it's already
very very challenging anything once you
treat this patient it's off
okay uh it's critical but it's over so
what we did is for those patients we if
you read our nature paper it's not only
just the probation that we treat uh
15 patients and finally we are able to
afford those patients and you know and
not all of them
they just they quit and all kinds of
things right
finally based on the criteria we have
seven or eight patients
you know they performed the whole thing
and it turns out
that you know for all those patients we
treat them before surgery
because all the patients are subject to
surgical department
so that's why we can get the tissues to
get the blood and make it get sincere
so therefore we are not able in that
particular clinic setting we are not
able to follow
the patient the therapeutic response and
the outcome right so i i just sorry to
say
i want to explain to you what's going on
right so yeah
um so there was uh
okay so it's another question uh here
uh can you independent let's see
uh can uh so
good ga oh okay
gamma induces philosophies of t cells
yes
uh this is also another question and
basically i have answered the only
option
asked you know because we even don't
know whether t-cells can experience
fibrosis
okay uh we we i so there are some
evidence
who have published the those published
work i also need additional information
to to to support
this is absolute case so we don't know
okay uh
well another question is from pohan
how does maceoni activate the t-cell
which in turn to perform the serial
committee any mathematic
well methane it's it's not about the
receptor it's actually about
the transporter so the methodine can be
transported through the maceroni
transporters into the t-cells and then
the t-cells use methanol
uh to incorporate into the machining
metabolism which as i
i show you here uh this metabolism
critical for the t cells right
so uh because this is an amino acid you
know so
um yeah can other cancer patients
benefit from
uh medicine apart from melanoma so
actually
the patient we have a methodology
supplementation it's not menoma
it's um it's called colorectal cancer
because we
we initially we want to have a patient
with methionine
with with with a melanoma but we were
not able to get
those patients to do that
right so is the ferptosis induced by t
cells adapted to
multiple tumors or only to some uh
specific types as the answer is i don't
know
you know uh and also we believe you know
different tumors particularly different
environment me may have different ways
to go
so so in my mind maybe uh
some tumors will experience
predominantly processed some others will
be
able to assist maybe other forms of cell
death or maybe it's a mixture
so just keep in mind you know when you
have a research paper
and so one single research paper uh is
not able to address
at the whole field so that's why that's
the limitation and uh if you are
interested in this you know
you can uh hopefully we can have more
stories
later on uh so then there is another
question
uh so so another
another time and so how to pronounce
this anyway sorry
uh when you introduce field process
concept
you mentioned the errors and then other
phone let me see what is this
uh apart from
membrane needs uh lobes can produce
different
uh oxygen kits which act as local signal
uh monitors do you
consider uh then as possible mechanism
yes it's a possibility uh maybe for uh
for tumor cells
and also it for details also again i
really don't have data you know so at
these days uh
certainly in other folks you know if you
don't have data you don't see
i actually have no data so therefore
i cannot really provide an answer for
you but
there's some publications uh in tumors
yes in tumors as a possibility
uh because people have some evidence for
that right uh i
think that's that's that's all i can see
from uh i hope i did everybody that's
all the questions
might ask one question uh we can so
um does it structure the this
transparent src 4382
get solved no
so it's your job
well so the question is you know
i wrote a review article about the
acrcs we we will have more papers in
that space right
so the aclc family members i think they
are around
4 500 so uh so the vast majority of the
structures are not known
so that's unfortunate so this is uh
because somehow
uh the industry and the also economic
institutions
focus on um g proteins as you can
imagine you know
uh because somehow this could be uh
more druggable uh people have done a lot
of work in that space
but uh acrc family members if you guys
are interested in i would love to
to have whatever levels can operation
um so acsc family members
are really poorly understood and even
given the acs family members
in different cells in physiological and
the physiologic conditions are fully
understood
i need to need to say they are
structures right so
i i hope also this uh talk can stimulate
additional uh discussions and the
interest in that
in that space you know okay thank you
thank you
uh any more questions
yeah it seems uh since it's okay and
people have uh
asked a lot of questions if you have any
questions uh
any comments uh you're welcome to just
email me
uh i would say it's absolutely great
pleasure to
meet many of you i see almost 300 uh
200 certainly uh if you if you
um have any interesting collaboration
uh yeah you know i appreciate that and
also i add one more word here
uh as i said previously in this platform
uh uh so we are in the community uh we
need to support each other
uh sometimes you know and particularly
for myself for example
i have been involved in many uh
scientific journals and
board members and associate educator
section editor or
advisor whatsoever right i often invite
some of you i hope more to help me
the review papers i do appreciate your
your your effort
it's a community effort and also once
you're
particular for junior faculty once you
are more involved in
this process your name will be in the
record and
people will need your help and then
when you are helping the others and you
also help yourself
right i think that's very important and
that's why
i said again again this is absolutely a
great
platform to communicate and to support
each other
yes it is indeed true
thank you very much weeping uh for uh
giving us this great talk thank you so
much
all right uh see you all and have a
great day yeah see you
have a good day